README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> ZippyDamn!</h1>

<h2 align="center">
ZippyDamn! is a ZippyShare Unofficial CLI (downloader & search) for nodejs</h2>

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
</div>

<div align="center">
<img src="./logo.jpg">
</div>


![](https://nodei.co/npm/zippydamn.png)
## Installation

Use the package manager npm to install _ZippyDamn!_ CLI

```bash
npm install zippydamn -g
```

## Usage

```bash
Usage: zippydamn [global options] command

Options:
  -s, --search <query...>     search file on zippyshare
  -d, --download <link>       just extract url and give you downloadable url
  -dl, --downloadFile <link>  extract and download file from url
  -m, --multi <source...>     just extract multiple url from files <-- disabled
  -h, --help                  display help for command

Example command:
  $ zippydamn -s song
  $ zippydamn -d https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html
  $ zippydamn -m list.txt result.txt
  $ zippydamn -dl https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html
```
in lists.txt contain lists of zippyshare links
example : 
```
https://www72.zippyshare.com/v/87OpBCJo/file.html
https://www85.zippyshare.com/v/7my6dgdB/file.html
https://www80.zippyshare.com/v/xEdvr5wG/file.html
https://www105.zippyshare.com/v/ikVRRh6X/file.html
```

| Feature             | Status |
|---------------------|--------|
|Extract Link         |  OK    |
|Multiple Extract Link|  DISABLED    |
|Search File          |  OK    |
| Download File       | OK (Beta) |
| Multiple Download File | PROGRESS |

# Upcoming Feature
Zippydamn! Website

please open-source do your magic :)

---
## UPDATE V0.0.7 !
### Multi download feature is disabled
*for next update, this feature will be exist again :)*

### Now you can download & save to local disk without providing CSE API Key
*but you still using CSE API Key for searching :D*

### Change callback code to async await :D
Callback is suck you know? >:), so i decided move to async await! :D

---
## UPDATE V0.0.6 !
### ZippyDamn search need a Google CSE API Key to run
1. Open [https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview](https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview)
2. Click "Get a Key"
3. Write your project name
4. Replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with your Google Key in .env file
  ```GOOGLE_CSE_KEY = "YOUR_API_KEY"```

![](./tutorial.gif)

### Added a Download feature (beta)
So you can download and save your zippyshare file to local disk

*with tiny progress bar :) ~*

## Contributing <3
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

---

Made with <3 by Virdio

Commit message:

Added optional path to save files

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> ZippyDamn!</h1>

<h2 align="center">
ZippyDamn! is a ZippyShare Unofficial CLI (downloader & search) for nodejs</h2>

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/diosamuel/zippydamn?style=for-the-badge">
</div>

<div align="center">
<img src="./logo.jpg">
<img src="https://nodei.co/npm/zippydamn.png">
</div>

## Installation

Use the package manager npm to install _ZippyDamn!_ CLI

```bash
npm install zippydamn -g
```

## Usage

```bash
Usage: zippydamn [global options] command

Options:
  -s, --search <query...>     search file on zippyshare.com
  -d, --download <link>       extract url and give you downloadable link
  -dl, --downloadFile <link>  extract url, download and save file to local (path is optional)
  -h, --help                  display help for command

Example command:
  $ zippydamn -s song
  $ zippydamn -d https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html
  $ zippydamn -dl https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html
  $ zippydamn -dl https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html C:\Users\Windows\Music

```

| Feature             | Status |
|---------------------|--------|
| Extract Link         |  OK    |
| Multiple Extract Link|  DISABLED    |
| Search File          |  OK    |
| Download File       | OK (Beta) |
| Multiple Download File | PROGRESS |

# Upcoming Feature
Zippydamn! Website

please open-source do your magic :)

---
## UPDATE V0.0.8 !
### Added optional path to save files
```bash
zippydamn -dl https://www19.zippyshare.com/v/lKeHaNxX/file.html C:\Users\Windows\Music
```

_File will be saved in C:\Users\Windows\Music_

## UPDATE V0.0.7 !
### Multi download feature is disabled
*for next update, this feature will be exist again :)*

### Now you can download & save to local disk without providing CSE API Key
*but you still using CSE API Key for searching :D*

### Change callback code to async await :D
Callback is suck you know? >:), so i decided move to async await! :D

---
## UPDATE V0.0.6 !
### ZippyDamn search need a Google CSE API Key to run
1. Open [https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview](https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview)
2. Click "Get a Key"
3. Write your project name
4. Replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with your Google Key in .env file
  ```GOOGLE_CSE_KEY = "YOUR_API_KEY"```

![](./tutorial.gif)

### Added a Download feature (beta)
So you can download and save your zippyshare file to local disk

*with tiny progress bar :) ~*

## Contributing <3
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

---

Made with <3 by Virdio
